Add notifications for WAIT commands (#231)
neo4j/docs-status-codes: modules/ROOT/pages/changelogs.adoc

:description: This page lists all changes to status codes per Neo4j version.
= Changes to status codes per Neo4j version

> == Neo4j 5.27

Author: No clue which version to put here. It's a Cypher25 feature currently pointing at dev (5.27? 2025.1? Cypher25?)

> == Neo4j 2024.12

Author: Not sure if this is the correct release number. It's what the neo4j-PR is merging into, but I don't think we'll be releasing 2024.x? Also this is more a change between Cypher5 and Cypher25 than between 5.x and 2024.x.

Reviewer: There will be no release between 5.26 LTS and 2025.1 as far as I know. So, I guess those will be new in 2025.1.

Author: Great, fixed :)

:description: This page lists all changes to status codes per Neo4j version.
= Changes to status codes per Neo4j version

> == Neo4j 2025.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Neo4j 2025.01
```

**New:**
[source, status codes, role="noheader"]
-----
Neo.ClientNotification.Cluster.ServerNotAvailable
Neo.ClientNotification.Cluster.ServerCatchingUp
Neo.ClientNotification.Cluster.ServerFailed
Neo.ClientNotification.Cluster.ServerCaughtUp
-----

> Starting from 2025.1, when using Cypher25, queries using `WAIT` will return the notifications listed above instead of result rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from 2025.01, when using Cypher25, queries using `WAIT` return the notifications listed above instead of result rows.
```
